execute as @p run whitelist add DumbDumb1
execute as @p run whitelist add DumbDumb2
execute as @p run whitelist add DumbDumb3
execute as @p run whitelist add DumbDumb4
execute as @p run whitelist add windcat_
execute as @p run whitelist add ZockerPlaysMc
execute as @p run whitelist add oidoldol
execute as @p run whitelist add Attack
execute as @p run whitelist add Rindin
execute as @p run whitelist add vNori 
execute as @p run whitelist add JRichGod
execute as @p run whitelist add JamezLP
execute as @p run whitelist add Goat_Wizard
execute as @p run whitelist add LeggoLogan
execute as @p run whitelist add bigbeter
execute as @p run whitelist add TendieFarmer
execute as @p run whitelist add Snikklees
execute as @p run whitelist add koolkbraza
execute as @p run whitelist add TreeRex0
execute as @p run whitelist add ShoneBow
execute as @p run whitelist add Worpp
execute as @p run whitelist add Lavaur
execute as @p run whitelist add SkywarsLobby
execute as @p run whitelist add Hinduu
execute as @p run whitelist add Marshmallows7920
